README.md, before:

# awesome-links

## time

- [timeanddate](https://www.timeanddate.com/)
- [time.is](https://time.is/)

## bash

- [Awesome Bash](https://github.com/awesome-lists/awesome-bash.git)
- [How to Type Less and Work Faster in the Linux Terminal](https://www.cogispan.com/linux/how-to-type-less-and-work-faster-in-the-linux-terminal/)

## binary editor

- [imhex](https://imhex.werwolv.net/)
- [010editor](https://www.sweetscape.com/010editor/)
- [HxD](https://mh-nexus.de/en/hxd/)

## binary parser

- [Awesome list for binary](https://github.com/artpar/awesome-bytecode.git)
- [Awesome binary parsing](https://github.com/dloss/binary-parsing.git)

## cheatsheet

- [awesome-cheatsheets](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university/tree/main/extras/cheat%20sheets)
- [devhints](https://devhints.io/)
- [git](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf)

## converter

- [cloudconvert](https://cloudconvert.com/) CloudConvert is an online file converter. We support nearly all audio, video, document, ebook, archive, image, spreadsheet, and presentation formats. To get started, use the button below and select files to convert from your computer.

## debugger

- [binary ninja](https://binary.ninja/)
- [IDA](https://www.hex-rays.com/products/ida/index.shtml)
- [ghidra](https://ghidra-sre.org/)

## dev tools

- [finddev.tools](https://finddev.tools/)

## fonts

- [免费中文字体](https://github.com/zenozeng/Free-Chinese-Fonts)

## groupdocs

- [groupdocs](https://products.groupdocs.com/) View, Convert, Assemble, Watermark, Compare and Search data from Microsoft Office, Visio, Project, OpenOffice, AutoCAD, PDL, 3D & Images.

## image

- [favicon-generator](https://www.favicon-generator.org/) Generate your favicon.ico
- [image editor] (https://image.h5ds.com/)

## pandoc

- [docx template](https://github.com/Achuan-2/pandoc_word_template)

## tools

- [StrErr](https://www.strerr.com/) Various programming related tools

## typst

- [typst](https://typst.app/)
- [typstyle](https://github.com/Enter-tainer/typstyle) Opinionated typst code formatter focusing on aesthetic, convergence and correctness.

## version manager

- [pkgx](https://pkgx.sh/)
- [vfox](https://github.com/version-fox/vfox.git)

# programming language

## disassembler

- [Capstone](https://github.com/aquynh/capstone)
- [zydis](https://zydis.re/)

## C

[cosmopolitan libc](https://justine.lol/cosmopolitan/index.html) your build-anywhere run-anywhere c library

## Delphi

- [zelig](https://zelig.cn/)

## elixir

- [Binary pattern matching in Elixir with PNG parsing example](https://zohaib.me/binary-pattern-matching-in-elixir/)
- [Elixir Pro — Mastering Binaries & Bit Data :)](https://medium.com/blackode/playing-with-elixir-binaries-strings-dd01a40039d5)
- [Elixir编程入门](https://github.com/straightdave/programming_elixir.git) Elixir的入门（语言层面）知识
- [Getting Rusty with Elixir and NIFs](https://curiosum.com/blog/getting-rusty-with-elixir-nifs-rust)
- [How To Use Zig for Elixir NIFs](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/10/24/how-to-use-zig-for-elixir-nifs.html)
- [rustler](https://github.com/rusterlium/rustler.git) Safe Rust bridge for creating Erlang NIF functions
- [Wrap your application in a BEAM Burrito!](https://github.com/burrito-elixir/burrito.git)
- [Wrap your NIF with Zig](https://rbino.com/posts/wrap-your-nif-with-zig/)
- [Writing Rust NIFs for your Elixir code with the Rustler package](https://medium.com/@jacob.lerche/writing-rust-nifs-for-your-elixir-code-with-the-rustler-package-d884a7c0dbe3)
- [zigler](https://github.com/E-xyza/zigler.git)

## gleam

- [Exploring the Gleam FFI](https://www.jonashietala.se/blog/2024/01/11/exploring_the_gleam_ffi/)

## go

- [Calling C from Go](https://ericchiang.github.io/post/cgo/)
- [cgo](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/cgo)
- [gobfuscate](https://github.com/unixpickle/gobfuscate) With gobfuscate, you can compile a Go binary from obfuscated source code. This makes a lot of information difficult or impossible to decipher from the binary.
- [go-docx](https://github.com/fumiama/go-docx) One of the most functional libraries to read and write .docx (a.k.a. Microsoft Word documents or ECMA-376 Office Open XML) files in Go.
- [go-docx](https://github.com/lukasjarosch/go-docx) Replace placeholders inside docx documents with speed and confidence.
- [go-eagle](https://go-eagle.org/) A microservice framework for Go
- [gomarkdown](https://github.com/gomarkdown/markdown) markdown parser and HTML renderer for Go
- [PDF-Guru](https://gitee.com/Kevin234/PDF-Guru) PDF Guru是一个通用型PDF文件处理工具，包含PDF合并、拆分、旋转、水印、加密、转换等20多项常用功能，完全开源，个人免费使用，界面简洁，简单易用。
- [unioffice](https://github.com/unidoc/unioffice) unioffice is a library for creation of Office Open XML documents (.docx, .xlsx and .pptx). Its goal is to be the most compatible and highest performance Go library for creation and editing of docx/xlsx/pptx files.

## js

- [w2ui](https://w2ui.com/) JavaScript UI Library for the Modern Web

## nim

### docs

- [nim-lang/Nim](https://github.com/nim-lang/Nim)
- [Nim: Deploying static binaries](https://scripter.co/nim-deploying-static-binaries/)
- [Nim 语言入门教程](https://www.runoob.com/nim/nim-tutorial.html)
- [Nim中文社区](https://nim-cn.com/)
- [Nim中文文档](https://nim-cn.com/docs/nimc.html)
- [zigcc](https://github.com/enthus1ast/zigcc)

### lib

- [binarylang](https://github.com/sealmove/binarylang.git)

## python

- [anvil](https://anvil.works/) Build seriously powerful web apps with all the flexibility of Python. No web development experience required.
- [Edifice](https://www.pyedifice.org/) (Based on PySide2 or PyQt5) A Declarative UI Library
- [FastUI](https://github.com/pydantic/FastUI)
- [hyperdiv](https://hyperdiv.io/) Open-source framework for rapidly building reactive web apps in Python, with built-in Shoelace components, Markdown, charts, tables, and more.
- [justpy](https://justpy.io/) JustPy is an object-oriented, component based, high-level Python Web Framework that requires no front-end programming. With a few lines of only Python code, you can create interactive websites without any JavaScript programming. JustPy can also be used to create graphic user interfaces for Python programs.
- [nicegui](https://nicegui.io/) Meet the NiceGUI. And let any browser be the frontend of your Python code.
- [pyHtmlGui](https://github.com/dirk-makerhafen/pyHtmlGui) PyHtmlGui is a Python library for creating fast, easy to build, HTML/CSS/JS user interfaces with seamless interaction between Python and Javascript/HTML. It can be used to create web applications, but also fully functional desktop applications, similar to Electron.
- [pyWebIO](https://github.com/pywebio/PyWebIO) PyWebIO provides a series of imperative functions to obtain user input and output on the browser, turning the browser into a "rich text terminal", and can be used to build simple web applications or browser-based GUI applications without the need to have knowledge of HTML and JS. PyWebIO can also be easily integrated into existing Web services. PyWebIO is very suitable for quickly building applications that do not require complex UI.
- [reflex](https://reflex.dev/) Web apps in pure Python. Deploy with a single command.
- [rio](https://rio.dev/) Combine Your Components Into Websites or Apps
- [webui](https://webui.me/) Use any web browser as GUI. With your preferred language in the backend.
Portable, Lightweight, and Full OS API access.

## rust

- [dioxus](https://dioxuslabs.com/) Dioxus is a Rust library for building apps that run on desktop, web, mobile, and more.
- [egui](https://github.com/emilk/egui) an easy-to-use immediate mode GUI in Rust that runs on both web and native
- [Flutter Rust Bridge](https://cjycode.com/flutter_rust_bridge/) Flutter/Dart <-> Rust binding generator, feature-rich, but seamless and simple.
- [iced](https://iced.rs/) A cross-platform GUI library for Rust focused on simplicity and type-safety.
- [leptos](https://leptos.dev/) A cutting-edge Rust framework for the modern web.
- [Parsing bitstreams with Nom](https://blog.adamchalmers.com/nom-bits/)
- [rinf](https://github.com/cunarist/rinf.git) Rust for native business logic, Flutter for flexible and beautiful GUI
- [rsbuild](https://rsbuild.dev/) The Rspack Powered Build Tool
- [rspress](https://rspress.dev/) Lightning Fast Static Site Generator
- [slint](https://slint.dev/) Describe the UI in a language akin to HTML/CSS allowing a separation between the presentation layer and business logic.

## ts

- [docx](https://docx.js.org) Easily generate and modify .docx files with JS/TS. Works for Node and on the Browser.
- [jsr.io](https://jsr.io/) The open-source package registry for modern JavaScript and TypeScript
- [markdowndb](https://markdowndb.com/) A rich API to your markdown files in seconds.
- [MichiJS](https://github.com/michijs/michijs.git) Web Components with TSX
- [TypeScript 入门教程](https://ts.xcatliu.com/)

# system

- [winlibs](https://winlibs.com/) WinLibs standalone build of GCC and MinGW-w64 for Windows

Commit message:

java Stirling-PDF link added.

README.md, after:

# awesome-links

## time

- [timeanddate](https://www.timeanddate.com/)
- [time.is](https://time.is/)

## bash

- [Awesome Bash](https://github.com/awesome-lists/awesome-bash.git)
- [How to Type Less and Work Faster in the Linux Terminal](https://www.cogispan.com/linux/how-to-type-less-and-work-faster-in-the-linux-terminal/)

## binary editor

- [imhex](https://imhex.werwolv.net/)
- [010editor](https://www.sweetscape.com/010editor/)
- [HxD](https://mh-nexus.de/en/hxd/)

## binary parser

- [Awesome list for binary](https://github.com/artpar/awesome-bytecode.git)
- [Awesome binary parsing](https://github.com/dloss/binary-parsing.git)

## cheatsheet

- [awesome-cheatsheets](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university/tree/main/extras/cheat%20sheets)
- [devhints](https://devhints.io/)
- [git](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf)

## converter

- [cloudconvert](https://cloudconvert.com/) CloudConvert is an online file converter. We support nearly all audio, video, document, ebook, archive, image, spreadsheet, and presentation formats. To get started, use the button below and select files to convert from your computer.

## debugger

- [binary ninja](https://binary.ninja/)
- [IDA](https://www.hex-rays.com/products/ida/index.shtml)
- [ghidra](https://ghidra-sre.org/)

## dev tools

- [finddev.tools](https://finddev.tools/)

## fonts

- [免费中文字体](https://github.com/zenozeng/Free-Chinese-Fonts)

## groupdocs

- [groupdocs](https://products.groupdocs.com/) View, Convert, Assemble, Watermark, Compare and Search data from Microsoft Office, Visio, Project, OpenOffice, AutoCAD, PDL, 3D & Images.

## image

- [favicon-generator](https://www.favicon-generator.org/) Generate your favicon.ico
- [image editor] (https://image.h5ds.com/)

## pandoc

- [docx template](https://github.com/Achuan-2/pandoc_word_template)

## tools

- [StrErr](https://www.strerr.com/) Various programming related tools

## typst

- [typst](https://typst.app/)
- [typstyle](https://github.com/Enter-tainer/typstyle) Opinionated typst code formatter focusing on aesthetic, convergence and correctness.

## version manager

- [pkgx](https://pkgx.sh/)
- [vfox](https://github.com/version-fox/vfox.git)

# programming language

## disassembler

- [Capstone](https://github.com/aquynh/capstone)
- [zydis](https://zydis.re/)

## C

[cosmopolitan libc](https://justine.lol/cosmopolitan/index.html) your build-anywhere run-anywhere c library

## Delphi

- [zelig](https://zelig.cn/)

## elixir

- [Binary pattern matching in Elixir with PNG parsing example](https://zohaib.me/binary-pattern-matching-in-elixir/)
- [Elixir Pro — Mastering Binaries & Bit Data :)](https://medium.com/blackode/playing-with-elixir-binaries-strings-dd01a40039d5)
- [Elixir编程入门](https://github.com/straightdave/programming_elixir.git) Elixir的入门（语言层面）知识
- [Getting Rusty with Elixir and NIFs](https://curiosum.com/blog/getting-rusty-with-elixir-nifs-rust)
- [How To Use Zig for Elixir NIFs](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/10/24/how-to-use-zig-for-elixir-nifs.html)
- [rustler](https://github.com/rusterlium/rustler.git) Safe Rust bridge for creating Erlang NIF functions
- [Wrap your application in a BEAM Burrito!](https://github.com/burrito-elixir/burrito.git)
- [Wrap your NIF with Zig](https://rbino.com/posts/wrap-your-nif-with-zig/)
- [Writing Rust NIFs for your Elixir code with the Rustler package](https://medium.com/@jacob.lerche/writing-rust-nifs-for-your-elixir-code-with-the-rustler-package-d884a7c0dbe3)
- [zigler](https://github.com/E-xyza/zigler.git)

## gleam

- [Exploring the Gleam FFI](https://www.jonashietala.se/blog/2024/01/11/exploring_the_gleam_ffi/)

## go

- [Calling C from Go](https://ericchiang.github.io/post/cgo/)
- [cgo](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/cgo)
- [gobfuscate](https://github.com/unixpickle/gobfuscate) With gobfuscate, you can compile a Go binary from obfuscated source code. This makes a lot of information difficult or impossible to decipher from the binary.
- [go-docx](https://github.com/fumiama/go-docx) One of the most functional libraries to read and write .docx (a.k.a. Microsoft Word documents or ECMA-376 Office Open XML) files in Go.
- [go-docx](https://github.com/lukasjarosch/go-docx) Replace placeholders inside docx documents with speed and confidence.
- [go-eagle](https://go-eagle.org/) A microservice framework for Go
- [gomarkdown](https://github.com/gomarkdown/markdown) markdown parser and HTML renderer for Go
- [PDF-Guru](https://gitee.com/Kevin234/PDF-Guru) PDF Guru是一个通用型PDF文件处理工具，包含PDF合并、拆分、旋转、水印、加密、转换等20多项常用功能，完全开源，个人免费使用，界面简洁，简单易用。
- [unioffice](https://github.com/unidoc/unioffice) unioffice is a library for creation of Office Open XML documents (.docx, .xlsx and .pptx). Its goal is to be the most compatible and highest performance Go library for creation and editing of docx/xlsx/pptx files.

## java

- [Stirling-PDF](https://github.com/Stirling-Tools/Stirling-PDF) #1 Locally hosted web application that allows you to perform various operations on PDF files

## js

- [w2ui](https://w2ui.com/) JavaScript UI Library for the Modern Web

## nim

### docs

- [nim-lang/Nim](https://github.com/nim-lang/Nim)
- [Nim: Deploying static binaries](https://scripter.co/nim-deploying-static-binaries/)
- [Nim 语言入门教程](https://www.runoob.com/nim/nim-tutorial.html)
- [Nim中文社区](https://nim-cn.com/)
- [Nim中文文档](https://nim-cn.com/docs/nimc.html)
- [zigcc](https://github.com/enthus1ast/zigcc)

### lib

- [binarylang](https://github.com/sealmove/binarylang.git)

## python

- [anvil](https://anvil.works/) Build seriously powerful web apps with all the flexibility of Python. No web development experience required.
- [Edifice](https://www.pyedifice.org/) (Based on PySide2 or PyQt5) A Declarative UI Library
- [FastUI](https://github.com/pydantic/FastUI)
- [hyperdiv](https://hyperdiv.io/) Open-source framework for rapidly building reactive web apps in Python, with built-in Shoelace components, Markdown, charts, tables, and more.
- [justpy](https://justpy.io/) JustPy is an object-oriented, component based, high-level Python Web Framework that requires no front-end programming. With a few lines of only Python code, you can create interactive websites without any JavaScript programming. JustPy can also be used to create graphic user interfaces for Python programs.
- [nicegui](https://nicegui.io/) Meet the NiceGUI. And let any browser be the frontend of your Python code.
- [pyHtmlGui](https://github.com/dirk-makerhafen/pyHtmlGui) PyHtmlGui is a Python library for creating fast, easy to build, HTML/CSS/JS user interfaces with seamless interaction between Python and Javascript/HTML. It can be used to create web applications, but also fully functional desktop applications, similar to Electron.
- [pyWebIO](https://github.com/pywebio/PyWebIO) PyWebIO provides a series of imperative functions to obtain user input and output on the browser, turning the browser into a "rich text terminal", and can be used to build simple web applications or browser-based GUI applications without the need to have knowledge of HTML and JS. PyWebIO can also be easily integrated into existing Web services. PyWebIO is very suitable for quickly building applications that do not require complex UI.
- [reflex](https://reflex.dev/) Web apps in pure Python. Deploy with a single command.
- [rio](https://rio.dev/) Combine Your Components Into Websites or Apps
- [webui](https://webui.me/) Use any web browser as GUI. With your preferred language in the backend.
Portable, Lightweight, and Full OS API access.

## rust

- [dioxus](https://dioxuslabs.com/) Dioxus is a Rust library for building apps that run on desktop, web, mobile, and more.
- [egui](https://github.com/emilk/egui) an easy-to-use immediate mode GUI in Rust that runs on both web and native
- [Flutter Rust Bridge](https://cjycode.com/flutter_rust_bridge/) Flutter/Dart <-> Rust binding generator, feature-rich, but seamless and simple.
- [iced](https://iced.rs/) A cross-platform GUI library for Rust focused on simplicity and type-safety.
- [leptos](https://leptos.dev/) A cutting-edge Rust framework for the modern web.
- [Parsing bitstreams with Nom](https://blog.adamchalmers.com/nom-bits/)
- [rinf](https://github.com/cunarist/rinf.git) Rust for native business logic, Flutter for flexible and beautiful GUI
- [rsbuild](https://rsbuild.dev/) The Rspack Powered Build Tool
- [rspress](https://rspress.dev/) Lightning Fast Static Site Generator
- [slint](https://slint.dev/) Describe the UI in a language akin to HTML/CSS allowing a separation between the presentation layer and business logic.

## ts

- [docx](https://docx.js.org) Easily generate and modify .docx files with JS/TS. Works for Node and on the Browser.
- [jsr.io](https://jsr.io/) The open-source package registry for modern JavaScript and TypeScript
- [markdowndb](https://markdowndb.com/) A rich API to your markdown files in seconds.
- [MichiJS](https://github.com/michijs/michijs.git) Web Components with TSX
- [TypeScript 入门教程](https://ts.xcatliu.com/)

# system

- [winlibs](https://winlibs.com/) WinLibs standalone build of GCC and MinGW-w64 for Windows
